README.md, before:

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12118456?v=3&s=75"
     align="right"/>

# Awesome ClojureScript

##### A community driven list of ClojureScript frameworks, libraries and wrappers.

---


  - [Canvas](#canvas)
  - [Client/Server Communication](#clientserver-communication)
  - [Data Serialization](#data-serialization)
  - [Data Visualization](#data-visualization)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Document Object Model](#document-object-model)
  - [Graphics](#graphics)
  - [HTTP Handler](#http-handler)
  - [Internationalization](#internationalization)
  - [JavaScript Interoperability](#javascript-interoperability)
  - [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
  - [React.js Interface](#reactjs-interface)
  - [Reactive Programming](#reactive-programming)
  - [Routing](#routing)
  - [State Management](#state-management)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Web Framework & Template](#web-framework--template)
  - [Web Socket](#web-socket)


- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

* * *


### Canvas
- [Monet](https://github.com/rm-hull/monet) – A small ClojureScript library to make it easier to work with canvas and visuals.
- [Quamolit](https://github.com/Quamolit/quamolit) - A tiny declarative animation library , inspired by React.


### Client/Server Communication
- Cumulo [server](https://github.com/Cumulo/cumulo-server)/[client](https://github.com/Cumulo/cumulo-client) - A pair of libries to sync data among clients, based on WebSocets and diff/patch.
- [Fetch](https://github.com/LightTable/fetch) – A ClojureScript library that makes client/server interaction painless.

### Data Serialization
- [Cljson](https://github.com/tailrecursion/cljson) –  Clojure/ClojureScript library for accelerated browser data deserialization.
- [Transit](https://github.com/cognitect/transit-cljs) –  A data interchange format and set of libraries for conveying values between applications written in different programming languages.


### Data Visualization
- [C2](https://keminglabs.com/c2) – It lets you declaratively create HTML and SVG markup based on data.


### Database
- [Datascript](https://github.com/tonsky/datascript) – An immutable in-memory database and Datalog query engine in ClojureScript.
- [Jaki](https://github.com/pandeiro/jaki) – A simple ClojureScript CouchDB client.
- [Konserve](https://github.com/replikativ/konserve) –  A clojuresque key-value/document store protocol with core.async.


### Development
- [Ambly](https://github.com/omcljs/ambly) — A ClojureScript REPL into iOS JavaScriptCore.
- [cljs-devtools](https://github.com/binaryage/cljs-devtools) - Better presentation of ClojureScript values in Chrome Devtools.
- [lein-cljsbuild](https://github.com/emezeske/lein-cljsbuild) — A Leiningen plugin to make ClojureScript development easy.
- [lein-figwheel](https://github.com/bhauman/lein-figwheel) –  Leiningen plugin that pushes ClojureScript code changes to the client.
- [Ribol](http://docs.caudate.me/ribol/) –  Conditional restarts for clojure/clojurescript.
- [shadow-build](https://github.com/thheller/shadow-build) – A ClojureScript build library capable of compiling multiple output files.


### Document Object Model
- [cljs-binding](https://github.com/fluentsoftware/cljs-binding) – It binds html elements to ClojureScript functions.
- [Crate](https://github.com/ibdknox/crate) –  A ClojureScript implementation of Hiccup.
- [Dominator](https://github.com/dubiousdavid/dominator) – Virtual-Dom in ClojureScript.
- [Dommy](https://github.com/plumatic/dommy) –  A no-nonsense ClojureScript templating and DOM manipulation library.
- [Enfocus](http://ckirkendall.github.io/enfocus-site/) – A DOM manipulation and templating library for ClojureScript inspired by Enlive.
- [Freactive](https://github.com/aaronc/freactive) – A high-performance, pure Clojurescript, declarative DOM library inspired by reagent, om, reflex and hiccup.
- [Hiccups](https://github.com/teropa/hiccups) – A ClojureScript port of the Hiccup.
- [Hickory](https://github.com/davidsantiago/hickory) – It parses HTML into Clojure data structures, so you can analyze, transform, and output back to HTML.
- [json-html](https://github.com/yogthos/json-html) – Provide JSON and get a DOM node with a human representation of that JSON.
- [Kioo](https://github.com/ckirkendall/kioo) - DOM manipulation and templating library for Facebook's React and Om in ClojureScript.
- [Sablono](https://github.com/r0man/sablono) –  Lisp/Hiccup style templating for Facebook's React in ClojureScript.


### Graphics
- [geom](https://github.com/thi-ng/geom) – A  2D/3D geometry toolkit for Clojure/Clojurescript.


### HTTP Handler
- [Castra](https://github.com/hoplon/castra) – An HTTP remote procedure call handler for Clojure.


### Internationalization
- [Tower](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/tower) – A Clojure(Script) i18n & L10n library.


### JavaScript Interoperability
- [CLJSJS](http://cljsjs.github.io/) – An easy way for Clojurescript developers to depend on Javascript libraries.
- [Jayq](https://github.com/ibdknox/jayq) – A ClojureScript wrapper for jQuery.
- [Purnam](https://github.com/zcaudate/purnam) – A ClojureScript library designed to provide better clojurescript/javascript interop, testing and documentation tools.
- [Pylon](https://github.com/bodil/pylon) – A Javascript class system in 100% Clojurescript.


### Miscellaneous
- [Automat](https://github.com/ztellman/automat) – A Clojure(Script) library for defining and using finite-state automata, inspired by Ragel.
- [Bardo](https://github.com/pleasetrythisathome/bardo) – A Clojure(Script) library for functional interpolation and transitions.
- [core.async](https://github.com/clojure/core.async/) – A Clojure(Script) library designed to provide facilities for async programming and communication.
- [Entanglement](https://github.com/Frozenlock/entanglement) – It creates atoms from other atoms and links the data together.
- [Garden](https://github.com/noprompt/garden) – A library for rendering CSS in Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [inflections-clj](https://github.com/r0man/inflections-clj) – Rails-like inflection library for Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [Instaparse](https://github.com/lbradstreet/instaparse-cljs) – It aims to be the simplest way to build parsers in ClojureScript.
- [Keybind](https://github.com/piranha/keybind) - Library for handling key bindings (shortcuts) in browser.
- [markdown-clj](https://github.com/yogthos/markdown-clj) –  Markdown parser in Clojure/ClojureScript.
- [om-tools](https://github.com/plumatic/om-tools) – It aims to provide higher-order abstractions and utilities frequently useful when building components with Om's API.
- [Quil](https://github.com/quil/quil) – A processing and graphics programming library.
- [reforms](https://github.com/bilus/reforms) -  Beautiful Bootstrap 3 forms for Om and Reagent.
- [reagent-forms](https://github.com/reagent-project/reagent-forms/) – Bootstrap form components for Reagent.
- [Respo](https://github.com/mvc-works/respo) - A **Respo**nsive DOM library, inspired by React.
- [Sepal.clj](https://github.com/Cirru/sepal.clj) - A library to generate Clojure code from a vector of strings and vectors with macro system.
- [Truss](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/truss) – An opinionated assertions API for Clojure/ClojureScript.

### [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) Interface
- [Brutha](https://github.com/weavejester/brutha) – A simple and functional ClojureScript interface to React.
- [Om](https://github.com/omcljs/om) — A powerful interface to React, makes use of its object oriented structures.
- [Quiescent](https://github.com/levand/quiescent) — It favors functional style, fully stateless.
- [re-com](https://github.com/Day8/re-com) –  A ClojureScript library of reusable components for Reagent.
- [Reagent](http://reagent-project.github.io/) — Minimalistic, feature complete.
- [Rum](https://github.com/tonsky/rum) — Decomplected, extensible, simple.


### Reactive Programming
- [Javelin](https://github.com/hoplon/javelin) – A Functional Reactive Programming library for ClojureScript.
- [Manifold-cljs](https://github.com/dm3/manifold-cljs) — A port of [Manifold](https://github.com/ztellman/manifold) to ClojureScript.
- [Reagi](https://github.com/weavejester/reagi) – An FRP library for Clojure and ClojureScript, built on top of core.async.
- [rx-cljs](https://github.com/leonardoborges/rx-cljs) – A ClojureScript wrapper for Reactive Extensions (Rx) for Javascript.
- [Yolk](https://github.com/Cicayda/yolk) – A thin ClojureScript wrapper around bacon.js.


### Routing
- [Bidi](https://github.com/juxt/bidi) – A Clojure(script) data driven routing library.
- [Secretary](https://github.com/gf3/secretary) –  A client-side router for ClojureScript.
- [Silk](https://github.com/DomKM/silk) – An isomorphic routing library for Clojure & ClojureScript.


### State Management
- [component](https://github.com/stuartsierra/component) – Managed lifecycle of stateful objects in Clojure(Script).
- [hodgepodge](http://funcool.github.io/hodgepodge/) – A idiomatic ClojureScript interface to HTML5 Storage.
- [mount](https://github.com/tolitius/mount) – A beautifl idiomatic state management library.
- [plato](https://github.com/eneroth/plato) –  Incrementally persists atom state to Local Storage in ClojureScript.
- [storage-atom](https://github.com/alandipert/storage-atom) –  ClojureScript atoms backed by HTML5 web storage.
- [Waltz](https://github.com/ibdknox/waltz) – A ClojureScript library that helps manage state in client-side applications using non-deterministic finite state machines.


### Testing
- [cljs.test](https://github.com/clojure/clojurescript/wiki/Testing) – Integrated test framework for ClojureScript (merged from [clojurescript.test](https://github.com/cemerick/clojurescript.test)) 
- [Expectations](http://jayfields.com/expectations/) – A minimalist's unit testing framework.
- [Speclj](https://github.com/slagyr/speclj) – A TDD/BDD framework for Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [test.check](https://github.com/clojure/test.check) – A generative property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck.


### Validation
- [Bouncer](https://github.com/leonardoborges/bouncer) – A validation DSL for Clojure & Clojurescript applications.
- [Validateur](http://clojurevalidations.info/) – A Clojure validation library inspired by Ruby's ActiveModel.


### Web Framework & Template
- [atw-om](https://github.com/zaiste/atw-om) – A web application template with Clojure/Compojure, ClojureScript/Om & core.async.
- [Chestnut](https://github.com/plexus/chestnut) –  An Application template for ClojureScript/Om with live reloading.
- [Clops](https://github.com/sveri/closp) – An opinionated, full stack and easy to use web framework.
- [Coils](http://coils.cc/) - Build enterprise ready web apps with Clojurescript and React.js, faster than ever.
- [descjop](https://github.com/karad/lein_template_descjop) - A template for Web based desktop application with Electron.
- [electron-template](https://github.com/ducky427/electron-template) - A template for creating web based desktop applications with Electron, ClojureScript and Reagent.
- [Hoplon](http://hoplon.io) – Write everything in Clojure and ClojureScript, clientside and serverside.
- [Luminus](http://www.luminusweb.net/) – It aims to provide a robust, scalable, and easy to use platform.
- [Macchiato](https://github.com/macchiato-framework/macchiato-core) – It aims to provide an easy to use platform for Node.js.
- [Mies](https://github.com/swannodette/mies) – A minimal ClojureScript project template.
- [re-frame](https://github.com/Day8/re-frame) – A Reagent Framework For Writing SPAs, in Clojurescript.
- [Tenzing](http://martinklepsch.github.io/tenzing/) – A ClojureScript template with no backend that uses Boot.
- [WebFUI](https://github.com/drcode/webfui) –  Client-Side Web Framework for ClojureScript.


### Web Socket
- [Sente](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/sente) –  Clojure(Script) + core.async + WebSockets/Ajax.


* * *


## Contributing
All contributions are welcome. Please read [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a pull request.


## License
[![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

[Han Tuzun](http://hantuzun.com) has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.

Commit message:

Add Documentation category; add codox as first entry

README.md, after:

<img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/12118456?v=3&s=75"
     align="right"/>

# Awesome ClojureScript

##### A community driven list of ClojureScript frameworks, libraries and wrappers.

---


  - [Canvas](#canvas)
  - [Client/Server Communication](#clientserver-communication)
  - [Data Serialization](#data-serialization)
  - [Data Visualization](#data-visualization)
  - [Database](#database)
  - [Development](#development)
  - [Document Object Model](#document-object-model)
  - [Documentation](#documentation)
  - [Graphics](#graphics)
  - [HTTP Handler](#http-handler)
  - [Internationalization](#internationalization)
  - [JavaScript Interoperability](#javascript-interoperability)
  - [Miscellaneous](#miscellaneous)
  - [React.js Interface](#reactjs-interface)
  - [Reactive Programming](#reactive-programming)
  - [Routing](#routing)
  - [State Management](#state-management)
  - [Testing](#testing)
  - [Validation](#validation)
  - [Web Framework & Template](#web-framework--template)
  - [Web Socket](#web-socket)


- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

* * *


### Canvas
- [Monet](https://github.com/rm-hull/monet) – A small ClojureScript library to make it easier to work with canvas and visuals.
- [Quamolit](https://github.com/Quamolit/quamolit) - A tiny declarative animation library , inspired by React.


### Client/Server Communication
- Cumulo [server](https://github.com/Cumulo/cumulo-server)/[client](https://github.com/Cumulo/cumulo-client) - A pair of libries to sync data among clients, based on WebSocets and diff/patch.
- [Fetch](https://github.com/LightTable/fetch) – A ClojureScript library that makes client/server interaction painless.

### Data Serialization
- [Cljson](https://github.com/tailrecursion/cljson) –  Clojure/ClojureScript library for accelerated browser data deserialization.
- [Transit](https://github.com/cognitect/transit-cljs) –  A data interchange format and set of libraries for conveying values between applications written in different programming languages.


### Data Visualization
- [C2](https://keminglabs.com/c2) – It lets you declaratively create HTML and SVG markup based on data.


### Database
- [Datascript](https://github.com/tonsky/datascript) – An immutable in-memory database and Datalog query engine in ClojureScript.
- [Jaki](https://github.com/pandeiro/jaki) – A simple ClojureScript CouchDB client.
- [Konserve](https://github.com/replikativ/konserve) –  A clojuresque key-value/document store protocol with core.async.


### Development
- [Ambly](https://github.com/omcljs/ambly) — A ClojureScript REPL into iOS JavaScriptCore.
- [cljs-devtools](https://github.com/binaryage/cljs-devtools) - Better presentation of ClojureScript values in Chrome Devtools.
- [lein-cljsbuild](https://github.com/emezeske/lein-cljsbuild) — A Leiningen plugin to make ClojureScript development easy.
- [lein-figwheel](https://github.com/bhauman/lein-figwheel) –  Leiningen plugin that pushes ClojureScript code changes to the client.
- [Ribol](http://docs.caudate.me/ribol/) –  Conditional restarts for clojure/clojurescript.
- [shadow-build](https://github.com/thheller/shadow-build) – A ClojureScript build library capable of compiling multiple output files.


### Document Object Model
- [cljs-binding](https://github.com/fluentsoftware/cljs-binding) – It binds html elements to ClojureScript functions.
- [Crate](https://github.com/ibdknox/crate) –  A ClojureScript implementation of Hiccup.
- [Dominator](https://github.com/dubiousdavid/dominator) – Virtual-Dom in ClojureScript.
- [Dommy](https://github.com/plumatic/dommy) –  A no-nonsense ClojureScript templating and DOM manipulation library.
- [Enfocus](http://ckirkendall.github.io/enfocus-site/) – A DOM manipulation and templating library for ClojureScript inspired by Enlive.
- [Freactive](https://github.com/aaronc/freactive) – A high-performance, pure Clojurescript, declarative DOM library inspired by reagent, om, reflex and hiccup.
- [Hiccups](https://github.com/teropa/hiccups) – A ClojureScript port of the Hiccup.
- [Hickory](https://github.com/davidsantiago/hickory) – It parses HTML into Clojure data structures, so you can analyze, transform, and output back to HTML.
- [json-html](https://github.com/yogthos/json-html) – Provide JSON and get a DOM node with a human representation of that JSON.
- [Kioo](https://github.com/ckirkendall/kioo) - DOM manipulation and templating library for Facebook's React and Om in ClojureScript.
- [Sablono](https://github.com/r0man/sablono) –  Lisp/Hiccup style templating for Facebook's React in ClojureScript.


### Documentation
- [codox](https://github.com/weavejester/codox) – A tool for generating API documentation from Clojure or ClojureScript source code.


### Graphics
- [geom](https://github.com/thi-ng/geom) – A  2D/3D geometry toolkit for Clojure/Clojurescript.


### HTTP Handler
- [Castra](https://github.com/hoplon/castra) – An HTTP remote procedure call handler for Clojure.


### Internationalization
- [Tower](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/tower) – A Clojure(Script) i18n & L10n library.


### JavaScript Interoperability
- [CLJSJS](http://cljsjs.github.io/) – An easy way for Clojurescript developers to depend on Javascript libraries.
- [Jayq](https://github.com/ibdknox/jayq) – A ClojureScript wrapper for jQuery.
- [Purnam](https://github.com/zcaudate/purnam) – A ClojureScript library designed to provide better clojurescript/javascript interop, testing and documentation tools.
- [Pylon](https://github.com/bodil/pylon) – A Javascript class system in 100% Clojurescript.


### Miscellaneous
- [Automat](https://github.com/ztellman/automat) – A Clojure(Script) library for defining and using finite-state automata, inspired by Ragel.
- [Bardo](https://github.com/pleasetrythisathome/bardo) – A Clojure(Script) library for functional interpolation and transitions.
- [core.async](https://github.com/clojure/core.async/) – A Clojure(Script) library designed to provide facilities for async programming and communication.
- [Entanglement](https://github.com/Frozenlock/entanglement) – It creates atoms from other atoms and links the data together.
- [Garden](https://github.com/noprompt/garden) – A library for rendering CSS in Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [inflections-clj](https://github.com/r0man/inflections-clj) – Rails-like inflection library for Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [Instaparse](https://github.com/lbradstreet/instaparse-cljs) – It aims to be the simplest way to build parsers in ClojureScript.
- [Keybind](https://github.com/piranha/keybind) - Library for handling key bindings (shortcuts) in browser.
- [markdown-clj](https://github.com/yogthos/markdown-clj) –  Markdown parser in Clojure/ClojureScript.
- [om-tools](https://github.com/plumatic/om-tools) – It aims to provide higher-order abstractions and utilities frequently useful when building components with Om's API.
- [Quil](https://github.com/quil/quil) – A processing and graphics programming library.
- [reforms](https://github.com/bilus/reforms) -  Beautiful Bootstrap 3 forms for Om and Reagent.
- [reagent-forms](https://github.com/reagent-project/reagent-forms/) – Bootstrap form components for Reagent.
- [Respo](https://github.com/mvc-works/respo) - A **Respo**nsive DOM library, inspired by React.
- [Sepal.clj](https://github.com/Cirru/sepal.clj) - A library to generate Clojure code from a vector of strings and vectors with macro system.
- [Truss](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/truss) – An opinionated assertions API for Clojure/ClojureScript.

### [React.js](https://facebook.github.io/react/) Interface
- [Brutha](https://github.com/weavejester/brutha) – A simple and functional ClojureScript interface to React.
- [Om](https://github.com/omcljs/om) — A powerful interface to React, makes use of its object oriented structures.
- [Quiescent](https://github.com/levand/quiescent) — It favors functional style, fully stateless.
- [re-com](https://github.com/Day8/re-com) –  A ClojureScript library of reusable components for Reagent.
- [Reagent](http://reagent-project.github.io/) — Minimalistic, feature complete.
- [Rum](https://github.com/tonsky/rum) — Decomplected, extensible, simple.


### Reactive Programming
- [Javelin](https://github.com/hoplon/javelin) – A Functional Reactive Programming library for ClojureScript.
- [Manifold-cljs](https://github.com/dm3/manifold-cljs) — A port of [Manifold](https://github.com/ztellman/manifold) to ClojureScript.
- [Reagi](https://github.com/weavejester/reagi) – An FRP library for Clojure and ClojureScript, built on top of core.async.
- [rx-cljs](https://github.com/leonardoborges/rx-cljs) – A ClojureScript wrapper for Reactive Extensions (Rx) for Javascript.
- [Yolk](https://github.com/Cicayda/yolk) – A thin ClojureScript wrapper around bacon.js.


### Routing
- [Bidi](https://github.com/juxt/bidi) – A Clojure(script) data driven routing library.
- [Secretary](https://github.com/gf3/secretary) –  A client-side router for ClojureScript.
- [Silk](https://github.com/DomKM/silk) – An isomorphic routing library for Clojure & ClojureScript.


### State Management
- [component](https://github.com/stuartsierra/component) – Managed lifecycle of stateful objects in Clojure(Script).
- [hodgepodge](http://funcool.github.io/hodgepodge/) – A idiomatic ClojureScript interface to HTML5 Storage.
- [mount](https://github.com/tolitius/mount) – A beautifl idiomatic state management library.
- [plato](https://github.com/eneroth/plato) –  Incrementally persists atom state to Local Storage in ClojureScript.
- [storage-atom](https://github.com/alandipert/storage-atom) –  ClojureScript atoms backed by HTML5 web storage.
- [Waltz](https://github.com/ibdknox/waltz) – A ClojureScript library that helps manage state in client-side applications using non-deterministic finite state machines.


### Testing
- [cljs.test](https://github.com/clojure/clojurescript/wiki/Testing) – Integrated test framework for ClojureScript (merged from [clojurescript.test](https://github.com/cemerick/clojurescript.test)) 
- [Expectations](http://jayfields.com/expectations/) – A minimalist's unit testing framework.
- [Speclj](https://github.com/slagyr/speclj) – A TDD/BDD framework for Clojure and ClojureScript.
- [test.check](https://github.com/clojure/test.check) – A generative property-based testing tool inspired by QuickCheck.


### Validation
- [Bouncer](https://github.com/leonardoborges/bouncer) – A validation DSL for Clojure & Clojurescript applications.
- [Validateur](http://clojurevalidations.info/) – A Clojure validation library inspired by Ruby's ActiveModel.


### Web Framework & Template
- [atw-om](https://github.com/zaiste/atw-om) – A web application template with Clojure/Compojure, ClojureScript/Om & core.async.
- [Chestnut](https://github.com/plexus/chestnut) –  An Application template for ClojureScript/Om with live reloading.
- [Clops](https://github.com/sveri/closp) – An opinionated, full stack and easy to use web framework.
- [Coils](http://coils.cc/) - Build enterprise ready web apps with Clojurescript and React.js, faster than ever.
- [descjop](https://github.com/karad/lein_template_descjop) - A template for Web based desktop application with Electron.
- [electron-template](https://github.com/ducky427/electron-template) - A template for creating web based desktop applications with Electron, ClojureScript and Reagent.
- [Hoplon](http://hoplon.io) – Write everything in Clojure and ClojureScript, clientside and serverside.
- [Luminus](http://www.luminusweb.net/) – It aims to provide a robust, scalable, and easy to use platform.
- [Macchiato](https://github.com/macchiato-framework/macchiato-core) – It aims to provide an easy to use platform for Node.js.
- [Mies](https://github.com/swannodette/mies) – A minimal ClojureScript project template.
- [re-frame](https://github.com/Day8/re-frame) – A Reagent Framework For Writing SPAs, in Clojurescript.
- [Tenzing](http://martinklepsch.github.io/tenzing/) – A ClojureScript template with no backend that uses Boot.
- [WebFUI](https://github.com/drcode/webfui) –  Client-Side Web Framework for ClojureScript.


### Web Socket
- [Sente](https://github.com/ptaoussanis/sente) –  Clojure(Script) + core.async + WebSockets/Ajax.


* * *


## Contributing
All contributions are welcome. Please read [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) before opening a pull request.


## License
[![CC0](http://i.creativecommons.org/p/zero/1.0/88x31.png)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/)

[Han Tuzun](http://hantuzun.com) has dedicated the work to the public domain by waiving all of his rights to the work worldwide under copyright law, including all related and neighboring rights, to the extent allowed by law.

You can copy, modify, distribute and perform the work, even for commercial purposes, all without asking permission.
